PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
<br>
We care about your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we collect online through our video chatting service Jussfun ("Service") and is incorporated into and is subject to our Terms of Service which can be found at link. Please find below a summary of the key topics addressed in this Privacy Policy. For more detailed information on how we process your information, please click on the headings or continue to read below. Your use of the Service signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Service and must immediately terminate your use of the Service.

Note that the "Supplementary Terms" contain specific additional regulations for certain jurisdictions such as the EU or California.

Personal Information We Collect
How We Use this Information
Sharing of Information
Retention of Personal Information
Your Choices
Your Rights
How We Protect Personal Information
Personal Information of Children
Contact Us
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY

1. Personal Information We Collect

When we refer to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean information that relates to an identifiable individual. The following types of personal information are collected in connection with our Service:

Information You Provide Directly to Us or Third Parties

We may collect information directly from you or from other companies with whom you have a relationship. For example:

When you create an account and register for or use our Service, you will provide us with information such as, your name, Username, email address, password, date of birth, gender, mobile phone number, Location.
When you login with a third party account, we receive information about you from third parties including from other companies such as Facebook, Apple and Google. For example, we will get access to information such as your Social Network Service (SNS) account information, email address, date of birth, gender, profile information of your SNS account and your friend list (depending on your choices).
When you start using the Service, we will collect user-generated contents, including comments, short messages, photographs, voice and videos(including captured picture thereof), that you choose to share, transmit, broadcast and/or upload on our platform.
When you win a prize from a promotional event, or when you decide to cash out, you will provide us with information such as, a copy of identification card, your name, account information
Information about Your Use of Our Service

In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our Service through software on your devices and by other electronic means, including by the use of cookies. This includes:

Device information: OS platform of your device, device information including type of device, brand, model and version of OS, IP address, advertising identifier, device language, device timezone, version of application that you are using, locale country and language of the device, the location (country and city) where you log in, your purchase history in application store, available languages, device capability, bandwidth, network type, and traffic to and from our websites, error-reporting information, the time the error occurred, the feature being used and the state of the Application when the error occurred.
Log information: Usage information, such as, URL, redirected URL, performance timing, referrer, network type, network info, charge status, ad block info, cookies and access history.
Location information: We will process your location or geographical information based on your consent or if permitted, where this is necessary to deliver the Service you have requested.
Service usage information: Details of your interactions with other users, details of interaction between you and the Service or you and our website, and other information about your use of our Service, such as bookmarks and visit history.
Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps and Features

Our Service may enable you to connect to other websites, devices, apps and other features, which may operate independently from us and have their own privacy notices or policies. If you accessed a website, product or service provided by a third party, including through the Service or Company's website, such third party may also collect information about you. Please see the privacy policies of each such third party for more information about how they use the information they collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any exchange of information between you and any third party.

 

2. How We Use this Information

Provision of our Service based on your contractual relationship with us

We process your personal information when this is necessary under our contract with you, to:

Provide you with our Service, and specific features you select when using our Service, which may require personalizing the content of our Service;
Identify and authenticate you so that you may use our Service and to prevent illegal or inappropriate use of the Service;
Restrict the collection of personal information of children under certain age as defined in this Privacy Policy;
Deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use of the Service;
Effectively manage our relationship with our customers, including by communicating with you, responding to your queries, resolving technical issues, providing you with customer care support and sending you necessary information relating to our Services
Use of information for further purpose

To improve the Service, and to develop and offer new services;
To provide information about various events and opportunities to participate in the events, to provide advertising information;
To contact you via email, SMS or otherwise for the purpose of informing you about new products, services or promotions offered by the Company (you can opt-out of such emails or SMSs by sending an email to https://jussfun.com/);
To protect against, identify, monitor and prevent fraud and other criminal activities, any other activities that may violate our Terms of Service or other applicable laws, or lead to claims or other liabilities.
To restrict use of Service that violates laws and our Terms of Service, to prevent use of Service that interfere with the operation of the Service, including fraudulent use, and to prevent account theft.
3. Sharing of Information

We transfer or disclose your personal information to third parties as described below:

Affiliates, subsidiaries and personnel: We share your information with our personnel, including contractors and agents, and other companies in our group, to the extent this is necessary to provide our Service and to fulfil the purposes set out in Section 2 above.
Service providers: We also transfer or disclose your information to carefully selected companies that provide services on our behalf; for example companies that help us develop and operate systems for our Service, providers of IT services, security, hosting, analytics, mailing, billing or marketing services. These entities are only authorized to access and use your personal information to the extent this is necessary for them to provide us with their services and they are not allowed to use this information for other purposes.
Business advisors: We may share, for example, your information with our lawyers, accountants, business consultants, insurers, and auditors, to the extent it is necessary for them to provide us with their services.
Government authorities, judicial authorities, regulators or other third parties where required: We will disclose personal information to government authorities, judicial authorities, regulators or other third parties where we have a legal requirement to do so or where we believe this is necessary:
to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal processes (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order);
to verify or enforce compliance with the terms and policies governing our Service and to investigate fraud or other unlawful activity relating to the use of our Service or affecting our business, to the extent such disclosure is permitted by applicable data protection laws; and
to protect and defend our rights, property, and the security or safety of our business operations and those of any of our respective affiliates, staff, business partners, our customers or members of the public.
Corporate transactions: We may disclose your information to a third party (and their business advisors) in connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger, acquisition or sale (including in the context of negotiations), dissolution, other transfer of assets, or in the event of a bankruptcy.
Other parties with your consent or on your request. In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing.
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service ("User Contents") may become available to the public. Once you have shared User Contents or made it public, that User Contents may be re-shared by others. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such public information.

 

4. Retention of Personal Information

We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information in accordance with the following principles:

at least for the duration for which the information is used to provide you with our Service;
as required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations (e.g., tax laws); or
only for as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or, in anonymized form, for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards. For example, if a dispute arises between you and Company or you fail to make payment for our Service, we may retain relevant information until such dispute is resolved or until such payment is made, respectively.
Where we process your information with your consent, we process the data until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a record of your requests in order to respect them in future.
5. Your Choices

Where permitted we may contact you via email, phone call, text messages or push notifications through our mobile apps. To submit a request concerning the receipt of such communications from us, please contact us using the information specified in the “Contact Us” Section below.

You can unsubscribe from our marketing communications at any time by contacting us directly (see “Contact Us” section below). As noted in the Your Rights section below, you have the right to object to use of personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.

Please note that if you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will still send you service messages to provide you with necessary information in relation to your contract and the Service you use (for example, to update you on changes to our Terms of Use).

 

6. Your Rights

To the extent provided by applicable law, you can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we hold about you. You may access and update some of your information through your account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date.

To the extent provided by applicable laws, you can also ask us to restrict or limit the processing of your personal information, as well as to provide you with personal information that we have collected from you so that you may use it for your own purposes, and to ask us to share (port) this data to another controller.

In addition, to the extent provided by applicable law, you can object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement).

You also may have the right under applicable law to object at any time to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes, including profiling relating to direct marketing.

However, these rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. We will inform you of relevant exemptions we rely upon when responding to any request you make. To make a request concerning your rights or to make an inquiry, use the contact details under the “Contact Us” section below.

7. How We Protect Personal Information

We take the protection of your information seriously and we have in place safeguards designed to protect the information we collect through our Service. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure.

Please note, however, that the Service allows you to share text messages, photos, screenshots, videos and other communications in the Service with other users, and if you choose to share these items with other Service users, we may not be able to remove them from our servers or make them unavailable to anyone you have shared them with. Sending and sharing text messages, photos, screenshots, videos or other communications in the Service is your decision. By choosing to share that information, you should understand that you may no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it may become publicly available (depending in part on your actions or the actions of others with whom you have shared the information). The Service is not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share.

 

8. Personal Information of Children

The Service is not directed to children under the age of seventeen (17) and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of seventeen (17)  as part of the Service. Additionally, we do not knowingly sell the personal information of children under the age of seventeen (17)  If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of seventeen (17)  as part of the Service, we will immediately delete such information from our records. If you believe that a child under the age of seventeen (17)  may have provided us with personal information, please contact us using the information specified in the “Contact Us” section below.

 

9. Updates to Our Privacy Policy

We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you before we make changes to this Privacy Policy. You may also review updates to our Privacy Policy at any time via links on our website. You agree to accept electronic communications and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on the Service and our website, and you agree that such electronic communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy Policy.

If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website, or as required by law. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Service at any time.

HOW TO CONTACT US : If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here’s how you can reach us: jussfunonline@gmail.com